README: add "yarn list:dev:users" guide (#554)
cypress-io/cypress-realworld-app: README.md

> 🚩 **Note**
>
> You can login to the app with any of the [example app users](./data/database.json#L2). The default password for all users is `s3cret`.  

> > Also example users can show `yarn list:dev:users`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Example users can be seen by running `yarn list:dev:users`.
```
